{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green85\blue204;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 HOMER Coding Challenge: Build a Weather App Prototype\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs18 \cf0 Prototype a simple weather app to demonstrate full stack web application development expertise. We\'92d like you to create a simple single-page application and a corresponding simple RESTful, GraphQL or gRPC API.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Prototype Specifications
\f1\b0\fs18  \
For the frontend of the app, the user should, in some way, enter a US zip code. Once the zip code is entered, the 5 day forecast should be displayed as a list, and clicking any of the day elements should show more weather information for that day. Here is one way the display could look:\
\
\
\
While we provide you with a zip of weather icons, there is no specific design spec for the prototype, so you have the freedom to implement your own look and feel. It should however be responsive, work well on various, reasonably sized screens and be generally pleasant to use. One requirement: because we are very conscious about skin safety here at HOMER, we ask that you additionally display the UV index for at least the current day in the interface. :)\
\
For the API, you will need to create a single RESTful, GraphQL, or gRPC endpoint that aggregates two endpoints provided at the free tier from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openweathermap.org/api"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://openweathermap.org/api}}. The two endpoints are the the 5 day, 3 hours forecast {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openweathermap.org/forecast5"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://openweathermap.org/forecast5}} and the UV index {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openweathermap.org/api/uvi"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://openweathermap.org/api/uvi}} . You can sign up for for the open weather API at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openweathermap.org/appid"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://openweathermap.org/appid}}.\
\

\f0\b\fs24 Suggested Frameworks
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf0 Here are some suggested frameworks to use, which also correspond to what we often use at HOMER:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \uc0\u9679 	React\
\uc0\u9679 	Redux\
\uc0\u9679 	Express.js\
\uc0\u9679 	node.js\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
If you are more familiar with other technologies, then you may use those if you prefer.  When writing this application, please build it as though it could be the foundation of a much larger application, making it relatively flexible and extensible within your engineering judgement.\
\
Please spend a sensible amount of time of this assignment.  No need to over-engineer it; we primarily want to get a sense of your problem solving approach and software design patterns.\
\
Once you\'92re done working on your prototype, you may share it with us via github.com, or you may email it to us in a zip. Afterward, you should expect to have a few interviews with other members of the team. Please be prepared to discuss your development decisions for your application, and how you might choose to extend the application if you were to put more time into it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Provided Art Assets
\f1\b0\fs18  \
You should have a zip file containing weather icons and a JSON file that maps openweathermap\'92s weather type codes to the icons provided. See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openweathermap.org/weather-conditions"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://openweathermap.org/weather-conditions}} for reference.\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 Optional Challenges
\f1\b0\fs18 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \uc0\u9679 	Implement tests and/or coverage\
\uc0\u9679 	Implement caching for API requests\
\uc0\u9679 	Implement app in Docker container\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs22 \cf0 \
}